Switch to conda-forge and use new Conda channel (#1866)
sherpa/sherpa: docs/install.rst

   and ``--runzenodo`` arguments from the
   :ref:`development build <developer-build>` section.

The
`Sherpa test data suite <https://github.com/sherpa/sherpa-test-data>`_
contains the ``sherpatest`` package, which provides a number of
data files in ASCII and :term:`FITS` formats. This is
only useful when developing Sherpa, since the package is large.

> Example: Installing the 4.14.1 data via pip::
> 
>    pip install https://github.com/sherpa/sherpa-test-data/archive/4.14.1.zip
> 
> And will then automatically be picked up by the ``sherpa_test`` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A version of the test data is released for each `version of Sherpa <https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.593753>`_.

As an example, the 4.15.1 version of the test data can be installed with pip::

   pip install https://github.com/sherpa/sherpa-test-data/archive/4.15.1.zip

The test data will be automatically picked up by the Python tests and the ``sherpa_test`` script.
```

The link I added here isn't quite correct - it doesn't go to a list of releases, just the latest, but
- it does let you find out what the latest release is
- you can get a list of releases from this page

I didn't want to use a URL for the "list all releases" page as it is something that looks like the format could change over time.
